show region logs (#237)
zowe/cics-for-zowe-client: packages/vsce/CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to the "cics-extension-for-zowe" extension will be documented in this file.

## Recent Changes

> - Enhancement: Add context menu on a region to show the region's logs [#56](https://github.com/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/issues/56)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhancement: Add context menu on a region to reveal the region's logs in the jobs tree. [#56](https://github.com/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/issues/56)
```
